IMMEDIATE FIX — UNBLOCK YEMAIT EDUCORE PUBLISH

Fix ONLY the current Production publish blocker. Do not rebuild, redesign, or audit unrelated parts of the application.

CURRENT BLOCKER

The generated 259-statement migration currently does this:

1. Statement 35:

DROP INDEX "parent_student_relationship_unique";

2. Statement 132:
   creates the Transport foreign key referencing:

parent_student_relationships(parent_id, student_id)

3. Statement 259:
   creates the replacement UNIQUE constraint.

This order is invalid because PostgreSQL requires the referenced "(parent_id, student_id)" uniqueness to exist BEFORE the Transport foreign key is created.

FIX

Make the smallest possible migration/schema correction so the generated publish plan has this dependency order:

EXISTING/REPLACEMENT UNIQUE(parent_id, student_id)
        ↓
TRANSPORT FOREIGN KEY(parent_id, student_id)

Important

- Preserve the existing "parent_student_relationship_unique".
- Do NOT create a duplicate unique index.
- Do NOT unnecessarily drop/rebuild the existing index.
- If the existing unique index can be reused by the explicit UNIQUE constraint, use it.
- Do NOT modify historical migrations.
- Do NOT modify the migration ledger.
- Do NOT rebuild the application.
- Do NOT change unrelated features.
- Do NOT run unnecessary tests across the entire application.
- Do NOT change Production data.
- Do NOT delete or truncate anything.

FASTEST SAFE IMPLEMENTATION

Use the existing corrected Development schema and make the minimum migration-order correction required by the schema generator.

If the migration generator insists on dropping the existing index before creating the Transport foreign key, create/preserve the required UNIQUE constraint BEFORE that foreign key is generated.

The final generated SQL must NOT have:

DROP INDEX parent_student_relationship_unique
→ Transport FOREIGN KEY
→ replacement UNIQUE

It must instead ensure:

UNIQUE(parent_id, student_id)
→ Transport FOREIGN KEY

VERIFY ONLY THE BLOCKER

Do one focused disposable PostgreSQL rehearsal of the corrected statements involving:

- "parent_student_relationships"
- the existing unique index/constraint
- the Transport foreign key

Confirm:

1. Migration succeeds.
2. Duplicate "(parent_id, student_id)" remains rejected.
3. Transport foreign key is created successfully.
4. No duplicate unique index is created.

Do not run a large unrelated audit.

THEN REGENERATE AND PUBLISH

After the focused rehearsal passes:

1. Regenerate the Production publish schema plan.
2. Confirm the Transport foreign key is no longer created before its required uniqueness.
3. Confirm there is no destructive DROP/TRUNCATE operation.
4. Proceed with the normal Replit Publish.
5. Do NOT stop merely because the schema is being updated — the required additive schema migration is now authorized.
6. Do NOT enable LIVE Flutterwave credentials.
7. Do NOT initiate any payment, refund, settlement, payroll transfer, or real-money transaction.

After successful publication, perform only a basic health check and stop.

I will begin manual testing immediately after publication.

DO NOT WASTE CREDIT

Do not:

- rebuild existing modules
- rerun the full historical migration chain
- run a full application audit
- rewrite unrelated code
- regenerate unrelated schemas
- create new features
- perform extensive browser testing

Fix the single migration dependency-order problem, regenerate the publish plan, and publish the latest Yemait EduCore build.

If the corrected plan still has the Transport foreign key before the required uniqueness, stop and report that exact issue rather than making unrelated changes.